docs: add embedding telemetry transparency section (#76069)
metabase/metabase: docs/installation-and-operation/information-collection.md

- Where people get stuck
- How performance for key workflows (like querying or loading) changes over time

## Embedding telemetry

> When anonymous tracking is enabled, Metabase collects usage data from embedded components in addition to the general product events described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When anonymous tracking is enabled, Metabase collects usage data from embedded iframes and components. This usage data is anonymous, and just concerns embedding feature usage. It doesn't collect query content, result data, or user identifiers.
```

### Static and interactive embedding

For static and interactive iframe-based embedding, Metabase records query execution counts grouped by embedding type. No query content, result data, or user identifiers are collected.

### Modular embedding

[Modular embedding](../embedding/modular-embedding.md) collects a usage event when components are rendered in your app. Each event includes:

- Which components were used (for example, a dashboard or question)
- The component's configuration options (for example, whether downloads or drill-through are enabled)
- The authentication method (SSO, API key, or guest)
- Whether a custom locale is configured

**No persistent identifiers.** Within a session, an in-memory identifier groups related events. This identifier is regenerated on every page load and is never written to cookies or localStorage — there is no persistent cross-session identifier.

**Routing.** Telemetry routes through your Metabase instance, not directly to a third-party analytics host. No additional allowlisting is required in your Content Security Policy.

> **Opting out.** Disabling the anonymous tracking toggle (see below) stops all modular embedding telemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Data collected by modular embeds

[Modular embedding components](../embedding/modular-embedding.md) collect usage events when the components are rendered in your app. Each event includes:

- Which components were used (for example, a dashboard or question)
- The component's configuration options (for example, whether downloads or drill-through are enabled)
- The authentication method (like SSO or guest)
- Whether a custom locale is configured

Within a session, an in-memory identifier groups related events, but this identifier is regenerated on every page load and is never written to cookies or localStorage, so there's no persistent cross-session identifier.  

### Data collected by iframe embeds

For iframe embeds, like public links, or when embedding the full Metabase app, Metabase records query execution counts grouped by embedding type.
```

Is this right?
